hey guys john here with high gear meteor
we are still at the 2011 New York Auto
Show we are with the new 2013 Ford
Taurus SHO take a quick look here as you
can tell a lot of different changes but
this is a mid cycle update so not a
completely new car we do have new 20
inch machine face wheels that are
painted with black we also can now get
Brembo brakes on this vehicle you do
have the SHO jewelry's still here big
bold and chrome this is not a sleeper
car we also do now have the sculpting
that still went here but as we go down
one of the main changes in the rear for
the 2013 year is the rear decklid it
doesn't actually look different if
you're just looking at you're not paying
attention but the rear deck lid on the
2012 just kind of goes straight out now
this is more slanted downward for better
outward visibility and a better
character lines we do have a new retune
spoiler for better aerodynamics and the
LEDs and the tail lights now go all the
way around and they're LED light pipes
it looks terrific at night dual exhaust
is still standard on the show one of the
trademarks of the Taurus has always been
the side sculpting that is still here as
we look inside though we do have some
major modifications the center stack now
has the new MyFord Touch system which is
a big touchscreen and then a touch
capacitive panel so there aren't real
buttons on the center stack now more
soft touch materials around the
dashboard and interior less plastic and
then we also have the new gauge cluster
that houses two four inch displays on
either side of the speedometer and of
course the speedometer is now
electroluminescent we do have a new
steering wheel that it has perforation
on the top of it along with the 2d pads
on each side that control those screens
independently of each other
the seats are slightly modified and you
have massaging functions in the show and
we also have the carbon fiber trim as
well six-speed Automatic is the only
transmission currently offered in the
show the one last thing you want to talk
about on this new 2013 show is the new
hood it's more aggressive it has
stronger character lines it actually
somewhat reminiscent of the actual
thing now we also have the new grill
which on the show is mesh and lower
front fascia the last thing on the front
end is the headlights they're very
similar to the previous headlights but
now they have a little inscription here
that says Taurus very cool detail and
then also right here these running
lights when lit up really look and
hearken to the actual Mustang now
bringing it some cohesive design cues
from another Ford vehicle which a lot of
people obviously recognize the Mustang
the engine this vehicles still the same
3.5 liter EcoBoost engine twin turbos
direct injection 365 horsepower 350
pound feet of torque goes to all four
wheels through an automatic
all-wheel-drive system the new Taurus
SHO for 2013 will be in stores next year
the 2012 floor model and it will be in
your dealerships about q1 they're being
a little hazy on the exact details but
you can look for it in about a year